README.md, before:

# [Swift Evolution Monthly](https://swiftevolution.substack.com/?ref=github.com): Proposal Summaries

This repository is here to make it easier to look up summaries of specific Swift Evolution proposals. They were first extracted from the [Swift Evolution Monthly newsletter](https://swiftevolution.substack.com/?ref=github.com) and put into one file each within the `proposals` folder and they are all named after the related proposal file in the [official Swift Evolution repo](https://github.com/apple/swift-evolution).

This way, while reading an evolution proposal on GitHub, you can simply replace `Apple` with `FlineDev` in your URL and you'll land on the related proposal summary if one exists. New summaries are added every month, both of new and related old proposals.

You can also navigate to the proposal you're looking for from the [`proposals` folder](https://github.com/FlineDev/swift-evolution/tree/main/proposals).

## Contributing

Feel free to provide corrections or updates to the summary articles by just opening a Pull Request with your suggested change. If you want to provide a summary for an older proposal that's not summarized yet, feel free to open a Pull Request with your summary. Note that anything you provide here with a PR falls under the same license and additionally gives [Cihat Gündüz](https://twitter.com/Jeehut) the rights to edit and reshare the summary in other places, such as a potentially commercial app or website.

## License

All information, text, and code examples provided here are Open Source licensed under [GPLv3](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/) which basically means you can do with it what you want, but you have to re-share any changes or projects you use them under the same license. This is to forbid usage in closed-source projects and keep improvements public. For other non-profit or educational uses, please contact [Cihat Gündüz](license@fline.dev) to get permission.

Commit message:

[README] Add note that most older proposals don't have a summary (yet)

README.md, after:

# [Swift Evolution Monthly](https://swiftevolution.substack.com/?ref=github.com): Proposal Summaries

This repository is here to make it easier to look up summaries of specific Swift Evolution proposals. They were first extracted from the [Swift Evolution Monthly newsletter](https://swiftevolution.substack.com/?ref=github.com) and put into one file each within the `proposals` folder and they are all named after the related proposal file in the [official Swift Evolution repo](https://github.com/apple/swift-evolution).

This way, while reading an evolution proposal on GitHub, you can simply replace `Apple` with `FlineDev` in your URL and you'll land on the related proposal summary if one exists. New summaries are added every month, both of new and (relevant) old proposals.

You can also navigate to the proposal you're looking for from the [`proposals` folder](https://github.com/FlineDev/swift-evolution/tree/main/proposals). But note that most proposals before ~SE-0340 don't have a summary yet (you can write one yourself, see below).

## Contributing

Feel free to provide corrections or updates to the summary articles by just opening a Pull Request with your suggested change. If you want to provide a summary for an older proposal that's not summarized yet, feel free to open a Pull Request with your summary. Note that anything you provide here with a PR falls under the same license and additionally gives [Cihat Gündüz](https://twitter.com/Jeehut) the rights to edit and reshare the summary in other places, such as a potentially commercial app or website.

## License

All information, text, and code examples provided here are Open Source licensed under [GPLv3](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/) which basically means you can do with it what you want, but you have to re-share any changes or projects you use them under the same license. This is to forbid usage in closed-source projects and keep improvements public. For other non-profit or educational uses, please contact [Cihat Gündüz](license@fline.dev) to get permission.
